[Music]
Well, on this occasion I have to comment on
a rather extensive subject, okay, I want you to
understand it with caution. It's that
you put all your ears normally when
we've been talking, not the
[ __ ] that a lot of people say. Why does
n't Antonio have to file a complaint against Rocío Carrasco
for the documentary or for calling him an
abuser? He doesn't know how to explain many
occasions, it wouldn't make any sense at all.
And if Rocío Carrasco were to be sent to court
for calling him an abuser, because
Rocío Carrasco could perfectly well be acquitted. They wouldn't be able to
acquit her for
various reasons and it wouldn't have to be
mandatory because what
she says is true. Okay, no, that doesn't work
like that. There are a lot of people who believe that the
law simply works like you call me an
abuser and I'll sue you. And it doesn't even
depend on the context in which the abuser loves you, it depends
on the intention with which
the abuser loves you, it depends on
many things. For a person to be
convicted of information, it has to be
proven because we can imagine, okay,
but that's not fair, it has to be proven
that there was
an intent to defame.  of harming the
other person
you will later think that yes there is,
that you are not clear but these in front
of a court it has to be proven
okay the judge can see perfectly well that
she cannot prove that she is
defaming you because she is saying
things that are her experiences and that it is
the word of one against the other and the
opposite cannot be proven another
thing would be that the best thing would be to tell
yes because one day he beat me up in
the doorway and there is a camera that sees that it
is a lie and that it is shown that he
is making it up with the intention of
harming her then yes okay but of course that
is not the case no then
the judge could also take into account that it could be
a guiding spirit that sent a
dependent spirit and that is called that well it
could be maybe not but
the case could be given because when he had been
telling her his life story for many years and
leaving marador cited he is making us look
bad with things that are real for him no
then it is his right and he has
freedom of expression to tell it if
his rights are in fact she has
sued him civilly I
think it was 17 or 18 times or 19  He
was not there either and has never won, he always
makes
things loose that were said on television
because the judges consider that it is his
life in freedom of expression, he is not
defaming and he is not even accusing
false things or things that he is
making up, by then I realize that
the reason has always been given the reason,
always the one who is right Antonio Davis in
that sense or in other words, everything that he has
done that they are stopped, the freedom of
pressure and all filler, now
if Antonio David sues Rice for
calling him an abuser, these
series of circumstances could occur and I think I
could be wrong, we have a jurist, the
machine is Ivan, Ivan will know what he is doing,
no, but I think that those scenarios could occur
in which Rocío Carrasco is acquitted
because she dared to defend that
although it is local freedom of expression,
both in the VII, the judges, the washer,
reason, does not mean that she has not
felt attacked and is doing
this to defend herself, okay, courage to defend
and courage, touch up on you too, not that she
does it to defend herself from an attack because
according to her it is an attack, it is valid,
the law is there, so if you, to me  I call me a
[ __ ] I answer you son of a [ __ ] well
neither of the two of us are like the one who
hits others one night I mean I hit you
and you hit me back since
one
like that
a lot of things could happen their
experience in the word of the other
right now
if they acquit Rocio Carrasco know
explained if this will be a very
clumsy move to send Carrasco because if they
return her
probably the people who defend with
their charges with the allies would use
the acquittal of Rocio
Carrasco as if it were a condemnation
for Antonia vi she tried this a while ago
Antonia dell'atte it's not like they
're judging whether he's an
abuser or not and no that's not the case in
fact with the detriment of Amber and Lloris
I wish that in Spain the trials were like this and that
the issues could be dealt with
in depth for weeks in addition to broadcasting everything
that we can see the contradictions and
the lies but in Spain they are not like that
the trials last four hours at the
most in the morning and in the afternoon no but no  no no no no they can't be
broadcast they don't
usually broadcast anyway they only leak videos
and such now I'm going to put a
clip that in my opinion would
already be out for my taste it is
but it is Ivan who makes the decisions
and the one who is creating a doctrine with
which he is going to sue the people he
sees fit no if you notice
the first one has obtained
this sentence halfway or threaten or
person the television factory is leaving
that sentence is going to be firm and he is going to start
denouncing the others no now for the
criminal to Maria Patiño to the owners of the
television factory for the issue of the
posters those of the Flores silos too I mean they
are things that are creating a
doctrine and a history that then when it comes
time to file the next lawsuits are
taken into account because there are already convictions
for calling Antonella Bino an abuser
so I'm going to put this click myself the
truth is that I do believe that it would extend
beyond freedom of expression and that it would
be outside the guiding spirit that Endy
defend from anything because
Antonia Bid was expelled from  work
thanks to her documentary she got
Antonio Avila fired from his job and we do
n't have therefore Antonio
Avila is the only one who has his
YouTube channel where of course he is not
defaming the relationship face with no
moment he
is not attacking the note attacking her he
is simply defending himself from the
things that are being said in all the
media
so I do not believe that there is a
governing body that the truth to say what you are
going to hear now in this click and above
all I do understand that it is a I do
believe that it could be a
condemnable defamation because he is telling us that he does
not stop mistreating her to this day and
that he has used all
possible violence like of course they invent
names of violence vicarious
violence media violence violence three of
them for example now if I am
driving and Rosso Carrasco runs a
red light and I repeat with the
car horn they are going to sell triviño she would invent
the word motor violence for example
and she is inventing and she is
mentioning a series of violence
when Antonia visits her house  so
calm receiving complaints and
defending himself and he's there he didn't stop
mistreating me still to this day they
were treating me and that I already believe that if it
is condemnatory that if it is a defamation
because he is not doing anything to me and
she is telling them that she is
committing a crime of abuse in
every sense I leave you with the clip and
you can give your opinion but well above all
this
is opinion but I think that Ivan will be the one in
charge of saving everything and
having it minuted and he will be the one who makes the
appropriate decisions I already told you that
everything takes time and that he does not put
examples endorsements
for what beautiful mind up there let's
see if we understand the system of the
visit of the rodeos you consider that
Andrea said Flores is an abuser
his friend with a vision is a saga of
abuse
with all the covers of violence that
exist I have paid some more
for gomà
[Music]